the fisherman returned with their catch
two males
little black tip reef shark both sharks
are extremely young
these aren't even anywhere near sexual
maturity the little baby reef sharks may
be 2 years old year old romantic sharks
don't start reproducing till they're
several years old when they do most have
few offspring so catching young sharks
like these it's particularly worrying
reached maturity so there's no
reproduction it's just that's the end of
this particular lineage
but why is this industry growing so fast
the Finns are the most valued part of
the catch the essential ingredient in
the Chinese delicacy shark fin soup
demand for which is growing rapidly
Oh
it's pretty Baba I got sure when you say
it yeah and I look at this solidified of
friends for
soup and waste is disgusting
at this I mean the only reason they sell
the meat it's because they can get a few
cents for it'll make more for nothing
the only reason they're doing this is
for those and there's a huge incentive
much will they saw us for if they fish
v1 today only the the film's they can
make fifty sixty dollars in a country
where most people live on less than a
dollar a day six sharks can provide a
year's income the fishermen show off a
recent catch this pile of fins is worth
a small fortune according to the
fishermen the big money means that
regulations to control the export of
fins of being ignored so the trade
flourishes across the globe each year
millions of sharks continue to be wiped
out it's scary when you think that so
few individuals can come into a
community like this and take out so many
animals I mean over a thousand animals a
year come out of this little Cove I mean
this is not Bates I mean ice hockey
I don't even know and you think of
what's going on around the other shores
of the Indian Ocean
and to add insult to injury shirtkin has
no flavor they have to slaver the soup
with chicken broth for God's sakes I
mean it's just it's ridiculous it is
absolutely ridiculous